We had our own house, a certain amount of comfort, my husband had a stable job, and I was
doing a lot where we were. I had Bible studies, I was already a regular pioneer, so I thought
I was doing enough, it was fine to stay there.
We'd often see the younger ones going to Bethel, going to serve as special pioneers.
And once we reached our 40s, I thought that since we're getting older, we wouldn't be
able to reach out and do more for Jehovah.
But after a letter was read to the congregations, that was really the starting point for us to
see that we could do more for Jehovah.
When I heard that there was a school for couples up to 65 years old, I said, Christiano, it's
now or never. So immediately at the first convention that held a meeting for interested couples,
we attended the meeting and realised that out of the requirements there was one that
my husband didn't meet yet, which was two years as a regular pioneer.
So I thought, why not? After the convention, I applied to be a regular pioneer.
So we made plans to attend the school. But we didn't want to stay there waiting to be
accepted, as there were no guarantees of being accepted in the same year in which we applied.
We sold our house, and two weeks later we had sold all the furniture.
So we made arrangements to serve where the need was greater.
We took only what was necessary in our car. But what is necessary is always too much when
you get to the territory. You realise you didn't even need everything you took.
We were really excited because we knew the brothers were expecting us.
There was a gas station that belonged to a brother, and when we arrived, the whole congregation
was waiting for us there to welcome us.
Nine people.
And that had a great impact on us, because we could see the expression on their faces.
It was if they were asking for help. They helped us a lot.
I can only say that they helped us more than we helped them.
Now they would be able to have regular meetings.
A public talk every week. You know, we were in São Paulo, and we had all the meetings.
But in these remote areas, they need spiritual food from Jehovah so much.
But there needs to be people willing to go and help.
Then one day we had a wonderful surprise. A brother called me and said,
Cristiano, have you checked your emails?
We'd received a letter inviting us to the school.
The school really is a gift from Jehovah.
I've encouraged others I know to attend the school because you really feel how Jehovah cares
for his organisation.
And a small thing we can do is simply give our best.
And the school helps us to do just that. Find out what is our best.
We were assigned to a congregation called Iti dos Sur.
The brothers are very loving, and we're really happy in our assignment.
I do miss my house. It's nice to have your own house and not to have to worry about paying rent.
I miss my hairdresser.
But nothing compares to the blessings and the joy that comes from serving where there's a need.
This joy helps us to combat any home sickness we feel and stops us from developing any desire to go back home.
In the big city everything's very rushed. I would only see my wife when I got home from work.
I'd be tired and then also have to care for congregational matters.
So there wasn't much time for us to be together.
Now it's completely different. We have much more time during the ministry, in the congregation,
being together at home. So for us as a family it's been very positive, very good.
We're not tired. We're not old in the sense of saying that we've got no more to give.
We really believe we can do more for Jehovah.
And we want to do more for Jehovah.
The school is proof that he wants us to do more.
We want to use our life to the full to serve Jehovah wherever he sends us.
We're willing to go.
We feel it's the only way to say a big thank you to Jehovah for everything he's done for us.
The territory, school, the brothers, and Bible students.
We're better way to thank Jehovah.